docs(server): add reference link for 'server.watcher' null behavior (#20687)
vitejs/vite: docs/config/server-options.md

The Vite server watcher watches the `root` and skips the `.git/`, `node_modules/`, `test-results/`, and Vite's `cacheDir` and `build.outDir` directories by default. When updating a watched file, Vite will apply HMR and update the page only if needed.

> If set to `null`, no files will be watched. `server.watch` will provide a compatible event emitter, but calling `add` or `unwatch` will have no effect.

Reviewer: Current documentation is correct since this is `ViteDevServer.watcher` https://vite.dev/guide/api-javascript.html#vitedevserver. Perhaps we can add a link instead.

```suggestion
If set to `null`, no files will be watched. [`server.watcher`](/guide/api-javascript.html#vitedevserver) will provide a compatible event emitter, but calling `add` or `unwatch` will have no effect.
```

Author: Yes, I checked! I will fix it by adding the link :)
